refactor(local): docker compose (#2892)
caos/zitadel: guides/quickstart.md

# Quickstart with docker compose

## Prerequisites

> The only prerequisite you need to have installed is docker. The resource limit must at least be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only prerequisite you need fullfill, is that you need to have docker installed with support for compose and buildkit. The resource limit must at least be:
```

* CPU's: 2
* Memory: 4Gb

## Start ZITADEL

You can start ZITADEL with a simple docker compose up.

The services are configured to restart if an error occurs.

In the following script the basic setup of the database is executed before ZITADEL starts. Execute the statement from the root of ZITADEL.

You can connect to [ZITADEL on localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) after the frontend compiled  successfully. Initially it takes several minutes to start all containers.

```bash
COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 \
&& docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml --profile backend --profile frontend up
```

For a more detailed guide take a look at the [development guide](./development.md)

## FAQ

> ### Mac M1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mac M1 (Apple Silicon)
```

> Bellow are some error's we faced with apple silicon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bellow are some errors we faced with apple silicon.
```

#### database-migrations don't start or stop without exit code

> The problem is that the database has an error. You can simply restart the database with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply restart the database with the following command:
```

```bash
COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1 DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 \
&& docker compose -f ./build/local/docker-compose-local.yml restart db
```

#### API call's block and don't return any response

> The problem is that the database has an error. You can simply restart the database with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem is that the database has a connection issues. You can simply restart the database with the following command:
```
